fix(backups): task warning if beforeBackup or checkBaseVdis steps fail (#6266)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “I had this issue, happy to know it's fixed”

> - [Backup] show a warning in the task log if a writer fails, an error if they all fail (PR [#6266](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6266))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Backup] Ensure a warning is shown if a target preparation step fails (PR [#6266](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6266))
```
